grpc stream: reduce log level depending on remote close status (#17300)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/version_history/current.rst

----------------------
*Changes that may cause incompatibilities for some users, but should not for most*

> * grpc stream: reduced log level for "Unable to establish new stream" to debug. The log level for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* config: reduced log level for "Unable to establish new stream" xDS logs to debug. The log level for
```

I think this or something like it is a bit more end-user consumable.

  ``use_unsigned_payload`` filter option (default false).
* cluster: added default value of 5 seconds for :ref:`connect_timeout <envoy_v3_api_field_config.cluster.v3.Cluster.connect_timeout>`.
* dns cache: the new :ref:`dns_query_timeout <envoy_v3_api_field_extensions.common.dynamic_forward_proxy.v3.DnsCacheConfig.dns_query_timeout>` option has a default of 5s. See below for more information.

> * grpc stream: reduced log level for "Unable to establish new stream" to debug.

Reviewer 2: Can you reflow these lines? I believe we tend to keep these as single lines, only broken up once the 100 char limit per line is hit
